From part 1 I added another sorting option to the Portfolio and also refactored the PHP code to be object oriented.  Furthermore, I added themes to my website and the last theme the user was using would be saved as a cookie.  The themes can be previewed before being selected and to make these themes I refactored my SASS code a lot and took advantage of some other features it offers such as placeholders and mixins.  I changed the contact form to use AJAX instead of reloading the page with PHP.  Moreover, I refactored the Home page JavaScript and added much more functionality, such as counting down the 15 minutes until the Pokémon animation can happen again, and used multiple AJAX calls and took advantage of jQuery.  The tier changes on the Portfolio have a hover link preview to the Wikipedia page that for the tier( i.e. JavaScript shows a preview and links to the Wikipedia page on JavaScript ).  I wanted it to show my Github repositories but GitHub does not allow their images to be fetched.  I also moved away from glyphicons and made all my icons font-awesome icons since, in my opinion, they are slightly easier to use, and are free.  I also added a short tour, using the Bootstrap Tour plugin, to my website for first time users because the theme menu was hard to find.  Finally, I have my distributed JavaScript and CSS code minimized, and refactored the file hierarchy( which moved some files around and moved library dependencies to cdn hosting ).  There are a couple other bug fixes and small improvements that are not listed here.

I want the Portfolio and especially the Contact page to look more alive like the Home page already is.  I also want to add a Hobbies/Interests page and Blog page.

The main topics I learned between project part 1 and part 2 were in the world of JavaScript.  Specifically I learned and now understand jQuery syntax, know what JSON is, and have a basic understanding of how to use JSON as an API.  Furthermore, I learned what AJAX was and how to use it in web development.  I also know how to create and access cookies and know that they can be buggy when developing.  Although this topic was not covered in class, I learned more about SASS between projects.

The things I liked about the project was that it was free form and was very helpful in learning the topics that we covered in class.  Since my project was a personal website, it actually can be used outside the classroom, not only as a coding sample, but as a advertisement platform for myself.  I think if we had more time on the second part, or had the project in three phases, the project would have been better, since we got it at the beginning of the final project/final exam time.
